docs: document tooltip support on menu items (#5568)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/menu-bar/index.adoc

== Tooltips

> Both top-level and sub-menu items can be configured with tooltips to provide additional context, such as labels for icon-only menu buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both top-level and [since:com.vaadin:vaadin@V25.2]#sub-menu items# can be configured with tooltips to provide additional context, such as labels for icon-only menu buttons.
```

> Tooltips can be configured on any menu item -- top-level or nested in a sub-menu -- to provide additional information, especially for icon-only items. Use the `tooltipPosition` property to control where the tooltip appears relative to its item. When an item is disabled, its tooltip isn't shown.

Author: ```suggestion
Tooltips can be configured on menu items, including both top-level items and items nested inside sub-menus, to provide additional context, such as labels for icon-only menu buttons. Use the `tooltipPosition` property to control where the tooltip appears relative to its item. When an item is disabled, its tooltip isn't shown.
```
